Introduction
============

In today's world, through the invention and explosive growth of the
transistor, any one person has access to an immeasurable amount of
information at the click of a button. However, this same technological
achievement that has improved quality of life for so many people also seems
to be dminishing their memory. This is mostly an indirect consequence of no
longer exercising our brain's memory because we can just store all of that
information into our computer's memory instead of making an effort to store
it in our own.

However, just because we have these powerful tools for storing information,
does not mean that we should forget about trying to remember things on our
own. In many situations, you must rely only on your own memory. Some
examples of this are when giving a speech, when taking a test, or when
interviewing for a job. So, then, the question becomes: how can we improve
our memory while still using the computers that have become such an integral
part of human life? Or, even better, what if instead of fighting against
computers, we were able to use them to our advantage as a tool for imporving
our memory? 

This is possible with Memory Palaces.

What are Memory Palaces?
------------------------

In the days before computers were common household items, even as far back
as in the days of ancient Greece, people utilized memory training techniques
to keep their minds sharp and memories organized. One of the most popular
and effective techniques for memory training is called "The Method of Loci,"
also known as "Memory Palaces."


Purpose
-------


